Damn it, you two assholes!
(Takemichi panting angrily)
Quit acting like you're
a couple of dumb punks!
[Both] Huh?
Is he actually
trying to stop 'em?
Does he have a death wish?
Just look what you
bastards have done
to all my precious memories!
(Akkun and Takuya gasping)
[Makoto And Kazushi]
Nice knowin' ya!
Farewell, Takemichi!
Ah, you selfish jerks
have just destroyed
everything I ever loved
from my entire childhood!
-(singer singing in Japanese)
-(opening theme music)
(Takemichi growling)
[Both] Huh?
(tense rock music)
[Mikey] Wha?
What are you talking about?
Are you freaking kidding me?
All my stuff you just broke!
(Takemichi grunting)
(Takemichi yelping)
(Takemichi crashing)
-(Takemichi groaning)
-(trash clattering)
[Mikey] You okay in
there, Takemitchy?
(Takemichi growling)
(Takemichi yelling)
Neither one of you gives a
rat's ass about me, do ya?
Hey, just calm down now, dude.
You're tellin' me to calm down?
You're the ones
who just went crazy
smashing all of my stuff!
[Akkun] Hey, whoa!
-Chill out, Takemichi!
-Cool it, man!
Do you have some sorta
death wish, dude?
(grunting) Let me go,
Akkun, let me at him!
You don't give a
shit what happens
to those around you, do ya?
Hey, we're sorry, man.
We didn't mean to disrespect
you or anything like that.
[Takemichi] You don't
even know I exist, do you?
[Akkun] Takemichi, stop!
(Takemichi panting)
You just don't care, and that's
why the two of you fight.
-(Takemichi sighing)
-Whoa, Takemichi.
(Takemichi sobbing)
You don't realize,
neither of you realizes,
how much trouble
the two of you cause
for the people around
you when you fight!
Don't you get it?
(Takemichi sobbing)
Don't you realize
that all the people
who follow and look up to
you end up fighting too?
So this isn't just
your problem alone!
And now if you're gonna
go and split Toman apart,
well, then that's just
too much for me to take!
I don't want it to happen!
(sniffling) And I can't
stand to watch it either!
(Takemichi sobbing)
You guys are just
so cool, and...
-(Takemichi sobbing)
-(somber music)
[Mikey] Takemitchy?
[Takemichi] Whatever,
just go away!
We'll go.
But you should know
that through all of this
you've had a dog
turd in your hair.
Huh?
(playful chiming)
(yelping) Get it off! (groaning)
[Draken] That's totally
gross, Takemitchy! (laughing)
Ugh, why didn't one of you
guys tell me that sooner?
-[Mikey] How could we?
-(group laughing)
You were being so
damned serious!
Well, duh, I was being serious
'cause of this fight
between you guys!
-The shit's coming after us!
-Huh?
We better run, Kenny!
-Yeah, and it reeks!
-(Mikey and Draken laughing)
-(Takemichi gasping)
Wait, now those two
are friends again?
(Takemichi sniffing)
They were right though,
my head really does reek!
That's cool with you
guys though, right?
[All] Huh?
[Takuya] (laughing) Don't
let the stink get us!
[Makoto] Run from that shit!
-Oh, very funny!
-It stinks so bad!
[Takemichi] Come
back here, damn it!
(sighing) You guys suck!
[Draken] Man, that
was hilarious.
[Mikey] Yeah, I haven't
laughed like that in a while.
[Draken] You really
friggin' reeked, Takemitchy.
[Takemichi] Come on, I
washed my hair, okay?
-(Akkun and Takuya grunting)
-(ball thudding)
(Akkun and Takuya laughing)
And I was wrong
back there, Mikey.
Nah, it was me who was wrong.
Why were you guys even fighting
in the first place though?
[Draken And Mikey]
Can't remember.
(Takemichi chuckling)
(Mikey grunting)
But I think Kenny
was right that night.
Pah saved us all by
doing what he did.
I'll
go with the cops.
(somber music)
[Takemichi] Mikey didn't want
Pah to pay for what he did,
even though Mikey
knew Pah was guilty.
Mikey wanted to
help Pah get away
because he's his friend,
but Draken wanted to
honor Pah's resolve.
They both took positions
they couldn't back down from.
That's probably why
they started fighting.
Hm.
[Mikey] When Pah gets out
we are gonna have
one hell of a party!
(feet stomping)
(Mikey chuckling)
[Draken] Huh?
(Draken grunting)
(Takemichi chuckling)
[Mikey] I wanna play too!
Are you joking?
Whoa!
(Draken chuckling)
(Akkun and Takuya laughing)
[Takemichi] Whoa!
Toman's just so damn cool!
Takemichi!
You're amazing, dude,
you did it! (laughing)
You actually got those
two badasses to make up!
[Kazushi] That's some insane
mind-control shit there!
(Takemichi laughing)
[Takemichi] Oh!
It's true though.
Since Mikey and Draken
are friends again,
the big conflict isn't
gonna happen now!
Draken's not gonna
die on August 3rd!
(Takemichi thudding)
I changed history!
(Takemichi gasping
in wonderment)
My mission was successful!
I did it, Naoto!
[Hinata] Hi, Takemichi!
Huh?
Hina?
Yeah, I'm here too!
Hey, what's up?
-Uh, um-
-Go on!
Don't be a chicken, ask him!
Would you by any chance
be free on August 3rd?
[Takemichi] Huh?
Sorry to ask, but, huh-
She wants to ask you to go
to the festival with
her, Takemitchy!
Uh...
(grunting) Yeah, sure!
-(Hinata gasping)
-(gentle music)
See, I told you he was
gonna wanna go with you!
The dude's your boyfriend!
(Takemichi and Hinata laughing)
No way!
Whoa!
You're really good
at that, Mikey!
Yo, Emma!
[Emma] What the hell is this?
Did you guys make up?
But you two were at
each other's throats!
[Mikey] Oh, shut up, Emma!
[Draken] Were we?
[Emma] Yes, I was
worried, damn it!
(gentle peaceful music)
-Can I get one of those?
-They really decked
-the place out.
-Over here, over here!
-(festival-goers chattering)
-(gentle festive music)
-Come on down, come on down!
-Please, please, please!
(festival-goers chattering)
[Emma] Hi, guys, we're here!
-Huh?
-Ah!
(festival-goers chattering)
It sure took you long enough.
(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] I'm sorry,
Naoto, I know you want me
to come back to the present,
but I need you to
wait just a bit!
I'm allowed to have this
little treat, aren't I?
(calm pleasant music)
-Hey!
-(Takemichi gasping)
Try to keep up.
Okay!
You know, let's let them
go off on their own.
[Takemichi] Hm!
[Emma] Ooh, look at that!
That looks so delicious!
Draken, I wanna eat
some of that, okay?
What are you talking about?
No way, you'll get fat!
What? How dare you
say that to me!
[Takemichi] Whoa!
Aw, don't give in, stay strong!
[Takemichi] Huh?
You haven't even mentioned
-my cute new yukata.
-I'm rooting for Emma,
-obviously!
-Huh, how was I
-supposed to know it was new?
-She's so crazy about Draken,
and he just won't
take the hint at all!
And just look how cute Emma is!
[Takemichi] When
did you and Emma
become such good friends?
Once I talked to her I realized
Emma's just such a pure soul.
She does go off the
deep end at times,
but that's just because
she loves Draken so much.
That's why she came onto
you like she did that time.
Ah!
Uh, Hina?
You're not off the hook yet!
(Takemichi whimpering)
Now I know Emma's
after Draken, not you,
but you're still
in the doghouse!
Uh, but that was just-
You cheater!
But, but I didn't
cheat, that was all her!
I, uh, uh-
Hey, let's do that!
[Takemichi] Yeah,
the shooting gallery?
If you win me a prize,
I'll forgive you.
Hm, you're on!
(intense rock music)
(gun cocking)
(cork rattling)
(Takemichi groaning)
I want her to
forgive me, damn it!
(gun popping)
(both gasping)
Damn it, that game was rigged!
I hit that target square!
(Hinata giggling)
-(rain pattering)
-(gentle festive music)
-Oh, it's raining.
-(Takemichi sighing)
-Hey, look, it's raining!
-(child shouting)
-Come on.
-Hurry!
-(festival-goers chattering)
-(rain pattering)
(Hinata laughing)
[Takemichi] Hina, over here!
[Hinata] Whoa, we're
totally soaked!
Damn, no kidding,
and just when my hair
was looking so awesome!
Huh.
Somehow we ended up alone.
Coming down hard.
It is.
-(Hinata groaning)
-Huh?
What's wrong?
These sandals are a little
too small for my feet.
Whoa, you're bleeding!
Let me help you!
Stand up.
(Hinata yelping)
(Takemichi grunting)
(bag thudding)
That was close!
(Hinata sighing)
(Takemichi yelping)
Sorry, I wasn't trying...
Huh?
It's okay.
[Takemichi] Huh?
(gentle sentimental music)
I forgive you.
[Takemichi] Really?
Because you tried so
hard to win that prize.
It was really cute.
(Takemichi breathing shakily)
(rain pattering)
[Takemichi] This,
this is a yes, right?
Isn't that what this means?
(Takemichi gulping)
She's saying I can
kiss her, isn't she?
(gentle romantic music)
(Hinata sighing softly)
I'm going for it!
I'm going in!
I'm doing it!
(phone ringing)
Takemichi, wait.
[Takemichi] Hm?
I think someone's calling you.
Ugh, who the hell would
call me at a time like this?
Yeah, yeah, what do ya want?
Oh, hi, Takemichi.
Doesn't this rain suck?
Ugh, Yamagishi!
You've got a lot
of nerve calling me
about some stupid
shit like this!
I was about to hit a big
turning point in my life!
Oh, are you out somewhere
with Draken and Mikey then?
(Takemichi sighing
in exasperation)
No.
I was with Draken earlier.
Mikey said he couldn't come
out with us for some reason.
Why, what's up?
-Hm.
-Just be a sec,
-so sorry!
-Well, when you see him,
you should tell Draken
to watch his back.
What, what for?
I just got some new intel.
It was about the Mikey faction.
Word has it that some of
them are out to get Draken.
But, wait, that
doesn't make sense!
You saw it yourself,
they're best friends again!
Mm, yeah, but some
of the rank-and-file
still aren't satisfied.
Actually they're even more
riled up because of that.
Maybe this conflict is
gonna have a round two.
(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] So the conflict
still isn't over yet?
[Kazushi] Hello?
Takemichi?
-You still there?
-(phone beeping)
[Hinata] What's wrong?
Oh, it, it's nothing.
(Takemichi grunting)
[Hinata] Huh?
Do me a favor, Hina,
wait right here for me!
-What?
-I'll be right back!
Where are you going?
Aw, jeez, you're going
to catch a cold!
-(Takemichi panting)
-(suspenseful music)
Where are you, Draken?
Damn it, I let my guard down!
I figured the conflict would
stop after they made up!
But it looks like Draken's
still set to die on August 3rd,
and today is August 3rd!
Draken, where are you?
Why?
Why did I let my
guard down so much?
(rain pattering)
(Takemichi panting)
Those are Toman guys!
Is it Mikey and the others?
Huh?
Wait, why are Toman guys here
with somebody from Moebius?
[Moebius Member]
You ready for this?
Yeah!
(grim dramatic music)
Because of him and what he
did, I lost everything I had.
[Takemichi] Kiyomasa?
(air whooshing)
I'm gonna find Draken
and then I'm gonna kill him!
(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] So it was Kiyomasa
who was behind Draken's murder?
(Takemichi panting)
(footsteps thudding)
(Takemichi gasping)
(hand thudding)
[Akaishi] Hey, look who I found!
(Takemichi grunting)
[Takemichi] Let go of me!
-(Takemichi grunting)
-(Takemichi crashing)
(Takemichi groaning)
Well, what do ya know?
It's our old friend Hanagaki!
I heard what you just said.
What's wrong with you, Kiyomasa?
Why are you trying
to kill Draken?
Huh?
Get up Hanagaki!
(Takemichi gasping)
Go out and buy us some drinks.
[Takemichi] Huh?
(gang members chuckling)
Oh, and make mine a cola.
-(Takemichi grunting)
-(gang members laughing)
[Takemichi] What the hell?
My body's shaking!
-(blow thudding)
-Hey, you deaf?
Get your ass in gear
and get me a coffee!
-(blow thudding)
-(Takemichi grunting)
[Takemichi] I'm sorry!
Why the hell am I apologizing?
[Akaishi] A slave like
you's got no right
to ask about Draken
or anybody else!
Guess we need to remind you
what a piece of shit you are!
[Takemichi] That's right,
I didn't actually
get any stronger.
I just imagined I was stronger
because I was around
Mikey and Draken.
-Hey!
-Hit him harder!
-(blows thudding)
-(gang members laughing)
-(blow thudding)
-(Takemichi grunting)
-(blows thudding)
-(gang members laughing)
[Takemichi] The fact is
this is who I really am.
-(gang members laughing)
-(rain pattering)
(Takemichi sobbing)
I'm sorry!
(Takemichi breathing heavily)
Hey, somebody get
me some duct tape.
-(Takemichi mumbling)
-(pain pattering)
-(foot stomping)
-(Takemichi grunting)
Not so tough now, are ya?
You don't understand anything.
Once this deal is all over,
I'm gonna fix it so you
end up taking the fall
for the whole damn thing.
Until then, you just lay
there like what you are,
a piece of shit.
(footsteps thudding)
(rain pattering)
Takemichi?
(footsteps thudding)
(Takemichi grunting)
(gasping) What happened?
Oh no, are you all right?
Who did this to you?
Here, let me help you.
(Hinata grunting)
Oh.
(tape tearing)
I'm sorry for leaving you alone.
[Hinata] Huh?
I really suck at all this.
[Hinata] Why would you say that?
I did the best I could, Hina.
It hurts,
it sucks,
but I really did my best
to fix things, and yet...
And yet I haven't really
changed anything at all!
I haven't managed
to save anyone!
(somber music)
(Takemichi laughing)
But then what else
was I expecting?
How the hell was a complete
and utter failure like me
ever supposed to
have a snowball's
chance in hell at saving anyone?
How stupid can I be?
[Hinata] That's not true.
Just leave me alone!
I can't stand to have you
see how pathetic I am!
This would've been
nothing if I was
more like Draken or
Mikey or anybody else!
Then I would've
just kicked his ass
and I would've
done it with style!
But me I'm just
(Takemichi sobbing)
nothing but a total failure.
(Takemichi gasping)
(sentimental music)
That was my first kiss.
But why?
I gave it to you because
you're that special.
You're not Draken and
you're not Mikey either.
You're just you.
You're Takemichi.
You're not afraid to
cry for others' pain
and you get so frustrated
trying to help them!
That's just who you are.
If you ask me, there's
no one cooler than you.
-(Takemichi sobbing)
-(sentimental orchestral music)
(rain pattering)
Hinata, thank you.
What for? I didn't do anything!
I, uh-
Don't worry!
You can do what you need
to do, I have faith.
(Takemichi grunting)
I couldn't be any lamer, huh?
[Hinata] Just no
more crying, okay?
I wasn't crying,
that's the rain!
(Hinata giggling)
(Takemichi chuckling)
But now
I have to go.
'Kay!
-(footsteps thudding)
-(pensive music)
[Takemichi] And this
time will be different!
This time, I'm going
to stop Kiyomasa!
And then I'm going to settle
the trauma in my life,
once and for all!
(engine revving)
-Huh?
-Takemitchy!
Hey, Takashi.
Wait, why're you by yourself?
Where's Draken?
[Takemichi] We've got
big trouble, Takashi!
Draken's about to be attacked!
Yeah, I know, I heard about it.
Wait a minute, you
already knew that?
[Takashi] And I know by who.
-Yeah, Kiyomasa!
-That damn Peh.
[Takashi] Huh?
[Takemichi] Huh?
[Takashi] Mikey
wanted to pay the bond
to get Pah released from jail,
but Draken was
dead-set against it.
How the hell did you
manage to get those two
to quit fighting when even our
captains couldn't stop them?
Using my head, sorta.
(playful thudding)
Whatever you did, thanks,
because if you
hadn't stopped 'em,
Toman might've been finished!
I really can't take
any credit for that.
You're way too modest, dude.
Anyway, that's not
what matters here.
[Takashi] Huh?
What's the matter?
Hey, wait, I just realized
that's Peh's bike.
[Takemichi] Huh?
Most of Toman was
on the same page.
We all agreed there
was nothing any of us
could've done that night to
prevent Pah from getting caught.
All of us, that
is, except for Peh.
(Takemichi gasping in shock)
[Emma] I'd better call
Hinata and see where she is.
[Draken] She probably
went home already,
with all this rain.
[Peh] Draken!
[Both] Huh?
(tense music)
Oh, hey, Peh, what's up?
What's the deal with the sash?
(Peh growling)
(closing theme music)
(singer singing in Japanese)